WHAT YOU GUYS DON'T
UNDERSTAND IS
FOR US, KISSING
IS AS IMPORTANT
AS ANY PART OF IT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
YOU SERIOUS?
OH, YEAH.
EVERYTHING YOU
NEED TO KNOW IS
IN THAT FIRST KISS.
ABSOLUTELY.
YEAH, I THINK FOR US
KISSING IS PRETTY MUCH
LIKE AN OPENING ACT, YOU KNOW?
IT'S LIKE THE STAND-UP COMEDIAN
YOU HAVE TO SIT THROUGH
BEFORE PINK FLOYD
COMES IN.
YEAH, AND IT'S NOT THAT
WE DON'T LIKE THE COMEDIAN.
IT'S JUST THAT THAT'S...
THAT'S NOT WHY
WE BOUGHT THE TICKET.
THE PROBLEM IS,
THOUGH
AFTER THE CONCERT'S OVER
NO MATTER HOW GREAT
THE SHOW WAS
YOU GIRLS ARE ALWAYS
LOOKING FOR THE COMEDIAN
AGAIN.
I MEAN WE'RE IN THE CAR,
FIGHTING TRAFFIC.
BASICALLY, JUST TRYING
TO STAY AWAKE.
YEAH, WELL,
WORD OF ADVICE--
BRING BACK THE COMEDIAN.
OTHERWISE, NEXT TIME
YOU'RE GOING TO FIND YOURSELF
SITTING AT HOME
LISTENING TO THAT ALBUM
ALONE.
ARE WE STILL TALKING ABOUT SEX?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
Ross:
NO, IT'S GOOD.
IT IS GOOD.
IT'S JUST THAT, HMM...
DOESN'T SHE SEEM
A LITTLE ANGRY?
WELL, SHE HAS ISSUES.
DOES SHE?
HE'S OUT BANGING
WOMEN WITH A CLUB,
WHILE SHE SITS AT HOME
TRYING TO GET THE MASTODON SMELL
OUT OF THE CARPET.
OKAY, OKAY...
MARSHA, YOU SEE
THESE ARE CAVE PEOPLE.
THEY HAVE ISSUES LIKE
"GEE, THAT GLACIER'S
GETTING KIND OF CLOSE." SEE?
SPEAKING OF ISSUES
ISN'T THAT YOUR EX-WIFE?
MY..? NO, NO.
YES, IT IS.
CAROL, HI.
YES, IT IS. HOW ABOUT
I'LL CATCH UP WITH YOU
IN THE ICE AGE.
HI.
SO...
YOU LOOK GREAT.
I UH...
I HATE THAT.
SORRY. THANKS.
YOU LOOK GOOD TOO.
AH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
IN HERE ANYONE WHO...
STANDS ERECT...
SO, WHAT'S NEW?
STILL, UH...
A LESBIAN?
WELL...
YOU NEVER KNOW.
HOW'S UM... HOW'S THE FAMILY?
MARTY'S STILL TOTALLY PARANOID.
OH, AND THAT'S...
CAROL, WHY ARE YOU
HERE, CAROL?
I'M PREGNANT.
PREGNANT.
Ha! It looks like she didn't
leave in such a hurry after all.
I THINK THIS IS THE EPISODE
OF THREE'S COMPANY
WHERE THERE'S SOME KIND
OF MISUNDERSTANDING.
OH, THEN I'VE ALREADY
SEEN THIS ONE.
ARE YOU THROUGH WITH THAT?
YEAH, SORRY.
THE SWALLOWING SLOWED ME DOWN.
WHOSE LITTLE BALL
OF PAPER IS THIS?
OH, THAT WOULD BE MINE.
SEE, I WROTE
A NOTE TO MYSELF
THEN I REALIZED
I DIDN'T NEED IT,
SO I BALLED IT UP...
AND NOW I WISH
I WAS DEAD.
SHE ALREADY FLUFFED
THAT PILLOW.
MONICA, YOU ALREADY...
BUT IT'S FINE.
I DON'T WANT TO GIVE THEM
ANY MORE AMMUNITION
THAN THEY ALREADY HAVE.
YES, AND WE ALL KNOW
HOW CRUEL A PARENT CAN BE
ABOUT THE FLATNESS
OF A CHILD'S PILLOW.
MONICA? HI.
UM, MONICA?
YOU'RE SCARING ME.
I MEAN, YOU'RE LIKE ALL CHAOTIC
AND TWIRLY, YOU KNOW?
AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
YEAH, CALM DOWN.
YOU DON'T SEE
ROSS GETTING ALL
CHAOTIC AND TWIRLY
EVERY TIME THEY COME.
THAT'S BECAUSE AS FAR
AS MY PARENTS ARE CONCERNED
ROSS CAN DO NO WRONG.
YOU SEE, HE'S A PRINCE.
APPARENTLY, THEY HAD SOME BIG
CEREMONY BEFORE I WAS BORN.
EW, EW, EW, EW, EW!
WHAT?
UGLY NAKED GUY
GOT A THIGH MASTER.
All:
EW...
HAS ANYBODY SEEN
MY ENGAGEMENT RING?
YEAH, IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
OH, GOD. OH, GOD.
OH, GOD. OH, GOD. OH, GOD.
NO, DON'T TOUCH THAT.
OH, LIKE I WASN'T
DREADING TOMORROW ENOUGH.
HAVING TO GIVE IT
BACK TO HIM.
"HI, BARRY. REMEMBER ME?
I'M THE GIRL IN THE VEIL
THAT STOMPED ON YOUR HEART
IN FRONT OF YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY."
NOW I'M GOING TO HAVE TO RETURN
THE RING WITHOUT THE RING
WHICH MAKES IT SO MUCH HARDER.
EASY, RACH.
WE'LL FIND IT.
WON'T WE?
OH.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, WHEN DID YOU
HAVE IT ON LAST?
DOY. PROBABLY RIGHT BEFORE
SHE LOST IT.
YOU DON'T GET
A LOT OF "DOY" THESE DAYS.
NO, I HAD IT THIS MORNING
AND I KNOW I HAD IT WHEN I WAS
IN THE KITCHEN WITH...
DINAH?
OH, DON'T BE MAD.
YOU DIDN'T.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I GAVE YOU ONE JOB.
OH, BUT LOOK HOW STRAIGHT
THOSE NOODLES ARE.
Chandler:
MONICA, YOU KNOW
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU LOOK
FOR AN ENGAGEMENT RING
IN A LASAGNA.
I JUST CAN'T DO IT.
BOYS?
WE'RE GOING IN.
HI.
OH, THAT IS NOT A HAPPY "HI."
CAROL'S PREGNANT.
OOH, I FOUND IT!
WELL, WHAT..?
WHA-WHA..? WHAT..?
YEAH.
DO THAT FOR ANOTHER
TWO HOURS
YOU MIGHT BE WHERE I AM
RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
KIND OF PUTS THAT
WHOLE PILLOW THING
IN PERSPECTIVE,
HUH, MON?
HOW DO YOU FIT
INTO THIS WHOLE THING?
WELL, CAROL SAYS
SHE AND SUSAN
WANT ME TO BE INVOLVED
BUT IF I'M NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH IT
I DON'T HAVE TO BE INVOLVED.
BASICALLY, IT'S TOTALLY
UP TO ME.
SHE IS SO GREAT.
I MISS HER.
WELL, WHAT DOES SHE
MEAN BY "INVOLVED"?
PRESUMABLY,
THE BIGGEST PART
OF YOUR JOB IS DONE.
ANYWAY
THEY WANT ME TO GO DOWN
TO THIS SONOGRAM THING
WITH THEM TOMORROW.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
NO MATTER
WHAT I DO, THOUGH
I'M STILL GOING
TO BE A FATHER.
( clattering )
THIS IS STILL RUINED, RIGHT?
OH, MARTHA LUDWIN'S DAUGHTER
IS GOING TO CALL YOU.
HMM, WHAT'S THAT CURRY TASTE?
CURRY.
MMM.
I THINK THEY'RE GREAT.
I REALLY DO.
YOU REMEMBER THE LUDWINS.
THE BIG ONE HAD
A THING FOR YOU, DIDN'T SHE?
THEY ALL HAD A THING FOR HIM.
OH, MOM.
Monica:
I'M SORRY. WHY IS
THIS GIRL GOING TO CALL ME?
SHE JUST GRADUATED,
AND SHE WANTS TO BE SOMETHING
IN COOKING OR FOOD OR...
I DON'T KNOW.
I TOLD HER YOU HAVE
A RESTAURANT...
NO, MOM. I DON'T
HAVE A RESTAURANT.
I WORK IN A RESTAURANT.
WELL, THEY DON'T
HAVE TO KNOW THAT.
ROSS, COULD YOU COME
AND HELP ME WITH THE
SPAGHETTI, PLEASE?
YES.
OH, WE'RE HAVING SPAGHETTI.
THAT'S... EASY.
I KNOW THIS IS GOING TO SOUND
UNBELIEVABLY SELFISH ON MY PART
BUT WERE YOU PLANNING
ON BRINGING UP
THE WHOLE BABY-LESBIAN THING?
'CAUSE I THINK IT MIGHT TAKE
SOME OF THE HEAT OFF ME.
WHAT THAT RACHEL
DID TO HER LIFE.
WE RAN INTO HER PARENTS
AT THE CLUB.
THEY WEREN'T PLAYING WELL.
I'M NOT GOING
TO TELL YOU
WHAT THEY SPENT
ON THAT WEDDING
BUT $40,000 IS A LOT OF MONEY.
WELL, AT LEAST
SHE HAD THE CHANCE
TO LEAVE A MAN
AT THE ALTAR.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
NOTHING.
IT'S AN EXPRESSION.
NO, IT'S NOT.
DON'T LISTEN TO HER.
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN INDEPENDENT.
EVEN WHEN YOU WERE A KID
AND WERE CHUBBY,
AND HAD NO FRIENDS
YOU WERE JUST FINE.
AND YOU WOULD READ ALONE
IN YOUR ROOM-- AND YOUR PUZZLES.
LOOK, THERE ARE PEOPLE LIKE ROSS
WHO NEED TO SHOOT
FOR THE STARS
WITH HIS MUSEUM AND HIS
PAPERS GETTING PUBLISHED.
OTHER PEOPLE ARE SATISFIED
WITH STAYING WHERE THEY ARE.
I'M TELLING YOU,
THESE ARE THE PEOPLE
WHO NEVER GET CANCER.
I READ ABOUT THESE WOMEN
TRYING TO HAVE IT ALL
AND I THANK GOD
OUR LITTLE HARMONICA
DOESN'T SEEM
TO HAVE THAT PROBLEM.
SO, ROSS, WHAT'S
GOING ON WITH YOU?
ANY STORIES?
NO NEWS,
NO LITTLE ANECDOTES
TO SHARE WITH THE FOLKS?
OKAY, OKAY.
LOOK, I REALIZE YOU GUYS
HAVE BEEN WONDERING
WHAT EXACTLY HAPPENED
BETWEEN CAROL AND ME,
AND SO, WELL...
HERE'S THE DEAL.
CAROL'S A LESBIAN.
SHE IS LIVING
WITH A WOMAN NAMED SUSAN.
SHE'S PREGNANT WITH MY CHILD
AND SHE AND SUSAN
ARE GOING TO RAISE THE BABY.
AND YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS?
FOLKS ARE REALLY
THAT BAD, HUH?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THESE PEOPLE ARE PROS.
THEY KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
THEY TAKE THEIR TIME.
THEY GET THE JOB DONE.
I KNOW THEY SAY THAT YOU
CAN'T CHANGE YOUR PARENTS.
BOY, IF YOU COULD
I'D WANT YOURS.
MUST PEE.
IT'S EVEN WORSE
WHEN YOU'RE TWINS.
YOU'RE A TWIN?
YEAH. WE DON'T SPEAK.
SHE'S THIS HIGH-POWERED,
DRIVEN, CAREER TYPE.
WHAT DOES SHE DO?
SHE'S A WAITRESS.
ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
I'VE KIND OF
GOT TO CLEAN UP NOW.
YOU'RE AN ONLY CHILD, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T HAVE THIS.
WELL, NO, ALTHOUGH I DID HAVE
AN IMAGINARY FRIEND
WHO MY PARENTS ACTUALLY
PREFERRED.
Rachel:
HIT THE LIGHTS,
PLEASE.
HOW LONG WAS I IN THERE?
I'M JUST CLEANING UP.
OH, YOU, UH,
DO YOU NEED ANY HELP?
UM, OKAY, SURE.
THANKS.
ANYWAY, UH,
SO YOU
NERVOUS ABOUT
BARRY TOMORROW?
UH, A LITTLE.
MM-HMM.
A LOT.
SO, GOT ANY ADVICE--
YOU KNOW, AS SOMEONE WHO'S
RECENTLY BEEN DUMPED?
WELL, YOU MAY WANT
TO STEER CLEAR
OF THE WORD "DUMPED."
CHANCES ARE,
HE'S GOING TO BE THIS
THIS BROKEN SHELL
OF A MAN.
SO YOU SHOULD TRY NOT
TO LOOK TOO TERRIFIC.
I KNOW IT'LL BE HARD.
UH, OR, YOU KNOW, I CAN, UH...
HEY, I'LL GO DOWN THERE
AND GIVE BARRY
BACK HIS RING
YOU CAN GO WITH
CAROL AND SUSAN TO
THE O.B.G.Y. N.
YOU'VE GOT CAROL TOMORROW.
UGH, WHEN DID IT GET
SO COMPLICATED?
GOT ME.
REMEMBER IN HIGH SCHOOL?
YEAH.
DIDN'T YOU THINK YOU
WOULD MEET SOMEONE
FALL IN LOVE
AND THAT WOULD BE IT?
( sighs )
ROSS?
YES, YES.
UGH.
MAN, I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D BE HERE.
HMM.
ME NEITHER.
HI. OH, SORRY I'M LATE.
I GOT STUCK AT WORK.
THERE WAS THIS BIG
DINOSAUR THING.
ANYWAY.
HI.
ROSS, YOU
REMEMBER SUSAN.
HOW COULD I FORGET?
ROSS.
HELLO SUSAN.
GOOD SHAKE.
SO, UH, WE'RE JUST
WAITING FOR...
DR. OBERMAN.
DR. OBERMAN. AND IS HE..?
SHE.
"SHE," OF COURSE.
SHE, UH, FAMILIAR
WITH OUR
SPECIAL SITUATION?
YES, AND SHE'S VERY SUPPORTIVE.
GREAT. OKAY, THAT'S GREAT.
NO, I'M... OH.
THANKS.
( laughs )
QUACK, QUACK.
QUACK, QUACK, QUACK.
ROSS...
THAT OPENS MY CERVIX.
BARRY?
COME ON IN.
ARE YOU SURE?
IT'S FINE. HE'LL BE HERE
FOR HOURS.
HUH?
SO...
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M...
I-I'M OKAY.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
YEAH, WELL...
Woman:
Dr. Farber
Jason Greenspan is gagging.
BE RIGHT THERE.
BE BACK IN A SECOND.
I DUMPED HIM.
OKAY.
SO, UH...
SO HOW'S THIS, UH...
HOW'S THIS GOING TO WORK?
AHEM. YOU KNOW, WITH US?
YOU KNOW WHEN, LIKE
IMPORTANT DECISIONS
HAVE TO BE MADE?
GIVE ME A "FOR INSTANCE."
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
HOW ABOUT
WITH THE BABY'S NAME?
MARLON.
OR "MINNIE" FOR A GIRL.
AS IN "MOUSE"?
AS IN MY GRANDMOTHER.
STILL, YOU SAY "MINNIE,"
YOU HEAR "MOUSE."
UM, HOW ABOUT, UM...
HOW ABOUT "JULIA"?
JULIA.
WE AGREED ON MINNIE.
WE AGREED WE'D SPEND
OUR LIVES TOGETHER.
THINGS CHANGE--
ROLL WITH THE PUNCHES.
I BELIEVE JULIA'S
ON THE TABLE.
OH.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
SO, WHAT HAVE
YOU BEEN UP TO?
OH, NOT MUCH.
I GOT A JOB.
THAT'S GREAT.
WHY ARE YOU SO TAN?
OH, I, UH, I WENT TO ARUBA.
OH, NO.
YOU WENT ON OUR
HONEYMOON ALONE?
NO.
NO, ACTUALLY, UH...
I WENT WITH, UH...
NOW THIS MAY HURT.
ME?
NO, NO.
I WENT WITH MINDY.
MINDY?
MY MAID OF HONOR, MINDY?
YEAH, WE'RE UH...
KIND OF A THING NOW.
OH.
WELL, UM, I...
YOU GOT PLUGS.
CAREFUL THEY HAVEN'T QUITE
TAKEN YET.
AND YOU GOT LENSES.
BUT YOU HATE STICKING
YOUR FINGER IN YOUR EYE.
NOT FOR HER.
OH.
LISTEN, I REALLY WANTED
TO THANK YOU.
OKAY.
A MONTH AGO,
I WANTED TO HURT YOU--
MORE THAN I'VE EVER
WANTED TO HURT ANYONE.
AND I'M AN ORTHODONTIST.
WOW.
YOU KNOW, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I THOUGHT WE WERE HAPPY.
WE WEREN'T HAPPY.
BUT WITH MINDY...
NOW I'M HAPPY.
SPIT.
WHAT?
ME.
ANYWAY, UM...
I GUESS, UH...
I GUESS THIS BELONGS
TO YOU.
AND THANK YOU
FOR GIVING IT TO ME.
WELL, THANK YOU
FOR GIVING IT BACK.
HELLO?
OH, PLEASE.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HELEN?
"HELEN GELLER"?
I DON'T THINK SO.
IT WON'T BE HELEN GELLER.
THANK YOU.
NO, I MEAN
IT'S NOT GELLER.
IT'S GOING TO BE
"HELEN WILLICK?"
NO, ACTUALLY WE TALKED ABOUT
"HELEN WILLICK-BUNCH."
WELL, WAIT A MINUTE.
WHY IS SHE IN THE TITLE?
IT'S MY BABY, TOO.
REALLY? I DON'T REMEMBER YOU
MAKING ANY SPERM.
YEAH, AND WE ALL KNOW WHAT
A CHALLENGE THAT IS.
SEE, SEE?
YOU TWO
STOP IT.
NO, SHE GETS CREDIT,
I'M IN THERE TOO.
ROSS, YOU'RE NOT ACTUALLY
SUGGESTING
"HELEN WILLICK-BUNCH-GELLER?"
THAT BORDERS ON CHILD ABUSE.
UH, OF COURSE NOT.
I'M SUGGESTING
"GELLER-WILLICK-BUNCH."
SEE WHAT HE'S DOING?
NO ONE WILL SAY
ALL THOSE NAMES.
THEY'LL WIND UP
CALLING HER "GELLER."
THEN HE GETS
HIS WAY.
MY WAY?
YOU THINK THIS IS MY WAY?
BELIEVE ME,
OF ALL THE WAYS I EVER IMAGINED
THIS MOMENT IN MY LIFE BEING--
THIS IS NOT MY WAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS TOO HARD--
I CAN'T...
HOW ARE WE?
ANY NAUSEA?
A LITTLE.
YEAH.
JUST A LITTLE.
I WAS JUST WONDERING ABOUT
THE MOTHER-TO-BE
BUT THANKS FOR SHARING.
UH, LIE BACK.
UH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GOING TO GO.
I DON'T THINK I CAN BE INVOLVED
IN THIS PARTICULAR FAMILY.
( heartbeats )
( heartbeats continue )
OH, MY GOD.
LOOK AT THAT.
I KNOW.
( heartbeats continue )
( heartbeats )
ISN'T THAT AMAZING?
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO BE SEEING HERE?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I THINK IT'S ABOUT
TO ATTACK
THE ENTERPRISE.
IF YOU TILT YOUR HEAD
TO THE LEFT AND RELAX YOUR EYES
IT KIND OF LOOKS LIKE
AN OLD POTATO.
THEN DON'T DO THAT, ALL RIGHT?
OKAY.
MONICA.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
MM-HMM.
ARE YOU WELLING UP?
NO.
YOU ARE.
YOU'RE WELLING UP.
NO, I'M NOT.
YOU'LL BE AN AUNT.
( sobbing ):
SHUT UP.
HI, MINDY.
HI, I-IT'S RACHEL.
YEAH, I'M FINE.
I-I SAW BARRY TODAY.
UH, YEAH, HE TOLD ME.
NO. NO, IT'S OKAY.
REALLY, IT'S OKAY.
I HOPE YOU TWO ARE VERY HAPPY,
I REALLY DO.
UH, OH, AND MIN, YOU KNOW
IF EVERYTHING WORKS OUT
AND YOU GUYS
END UP GETTING MARRIED
AND HAVING KIDS
AND EVERYTHING...
I HOPE THEY HAVE HIS
OLD HAIRLINE AND YOUR OLD NOSE.
OKAY, I KNOW IT WAS A CHEAP SHOT
BUT I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER NOW.